1. SOFTWARE LICENCE AGREEMENT

In this Licence, "the Product" means the software product "{PRODUCT NAME}".

This Licence is a legal agreement between you and Flight Data Services Limited 
("Flight Data Services"), a UK Limited Company for the Product.

By proceeding to download or install the Product, and in consideration of your 
use of the Product, you are deemed to agree to be bound by the terms of this 
Licence.

Flight Data Services permits you to use the Product only in accordance with the
terms of this Licence and your rights under this Licence will terminate
automatically without notice if you fail to comply with the terms of this
Licence. Should your rights under this Licence terminate for any reason you must
immediately cease all further use of the Product and destroy all copies of it.

2. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

THIS PRODUCT IS DELIVERED TO YOU 'AS IS' AND WITH ALL FAULTS. FLIGHT DATA 
SERVICES DO NOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THIS
PRODUCT. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR
TERM CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS OR OTHER TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON
LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR
PURPOSE. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 2 SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS
LICENCE HOWSOEVER CAUSED.

3. PRODUCT LICENCE 

In consideration of your agreeing to abide by the terms of this Licence and 
subject to your compliance with the terms of this Licence, Flight Data Services
grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use the Product for the
following purposes and in the following manner:

- You may NOT resell, charge for, sub-license, rent, lease, loan or distribute 
  the Product without our prior written consent. We reserve the right to 
  withdraw any such consent (or part thereof) for any reason and without notice
  and to demand that you immediately cease any activity in respect of which
  permission is withdrawn.

- You may NOT repackage, translate, adapt, vary, modify, alter, create
  derivative works based upon, or integrate any other computer programs with,
  the Product in whole or in part. 

- You may NOT use the Product to engage in or allow others to engage in any 
  illegal activity.

- You may NOT transfer or assign your rights or obligations under this Licence 
  to any person or authorise all or any part of the Product to be copied on to
  another user's computer.

- You may NOT decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to
  discover the source code of the Product except to the extent that such 
  activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this 
  limitation.  
  
- You are NOT permitted to grant any sub-licences of the Product.

You are under no obligation to purchase any Product support from Flight Data 
Services. However, where you do so, this Licence is subject to any further 
limitations which may be set out in your support agreement with Flight Data
Services. 

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

The Product is intellectual property of Flight Data Services and is protected by
law. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Product
anywhere in the world belong to Flight Data Services, that rights in the Product
are licensed (not sold) to you, and that you have no rights in, or to, the
Product other than the right to use them in accordance with the terms of this
Licence. 

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL FLIGHT DATA SERVICES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, 
CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOST INFORMATION,
LOSS OF DATA NOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF
PRIVACY, DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND
EXCLUSION APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR
JURISDICTION. Nothing in this Licence limits Flight Data Services' liability to
you in the event of death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or 
for fraud. The provisions of this section 6 shall survive the termination of
this Licence howsoever caused.

6. LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Licence and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or
its subject matter or its formation (including non-contractual disputes or
claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and
submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

7. GENERAL

- If any part of this Licence is found to be void and unenforceable it will not
  affect the validity of the remainder of this Licence, which shall remain valid
  and enforceable according to its terms.

- This Licence may only be varied in writing and signed by an authorised
  representative of Flight Data Services. 

- Updates may be licensed to you by Flight Data Services with additional or 
  different terms but Flight Data Services has no obligation to provide any 
  updates. 

- This Licence is the entire agreement between you and us and supersedes any
  prior representations, undertakings or advertising relating to the Product and
  you acknowledge that in entering into this Licence you have not relied on any
  statement, representation, advertising, assurance or warranty (whether made
  negligently or innocently) other than as expressly set out in this Licence. 

- Flight Data Services is entitled to transfer or assign any of its rights or
  obligations under the Licence. 
